Walrus is an object-oriented templating system written in Ruby. Plain text
templates are compiled down to Ruby code; final output is produced by executing
("filling") the compiled templates. A +walrus+ command line tool is included to
make compiling and filling templates easy.

Walrus was inspired by the Cheetah template engine (which is written in
Python). It doesn't set out to be a full clone of Cheetah, but it does
implement a very large subset of its functionality, and it employs the same
directive syntax wherever possible.

= Installation

    sudo gem install walrus

= Usage

See the {Walrus::Runner} documentation for a description of the +walrus+
command-line tool, which is used for compiling, filling and running
templates either individually or in batches.

= Website

https://wincent.com/products/walrus

= Source code

http://git.wincent.com/walrus.git

= Donations

Walrus is free, open source software released under the BSD license. If you
find it useful and would like to support further development you can make a
donation via PayPal to win@wincent.com:

https://wincent.com/products/walrus/donations

= Author

Walrus was written by Greg Hurrell <greg@hurrell.net>.

= License

Copyright 2007-2014 Greg Hurrell. All rights reserved.

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.
2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
   this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
   and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

THIS SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED BY THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS AND CONTRIBUTORS "AS IS"
AND ANY EXPRESS OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE
IMPLIED WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE
ARE DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE COPYRIGHT HOLDERS OR CONTRIBUTORS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, EXEMPLARY, OR
CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, PROCUREMENT OF
SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR BUSINESS
INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER IN
CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE)
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE.
